9 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and here
in Hong Kong, you're watching the China
show. I'm Yvon Man with David.
>> Good morning. We are counting down to
the open of markets here in Greater
China. Our top stories today, a cautious
start to the week in markets here. Asian
investors bracing for this parade of
information, everything from data to
earnings. Bitcoin finding a floor for
now after hitting its lowest level this
year amid a sell-off in risk assets.
China urges students to avoid traveling
to Japan, citing what Beijing calls
dangerous comments on Taiwan by Prime
Minister Sai Takichi.
>> And we're watching our shares of Alibaba
very closely this hour after reports it
is under scrutiny in the US over
possible ties to China's military.
[Music]
Dave, it looks to be a busy week. I'm
glad you're back for all of it here.
When you talk about, you know, what was
the obvious sort of things that we're
going to talk about, which is of course
Nvidia that comes out on Wednesday. Uh
then, of course, you have this kind of
barrage of data that could come out of
the US, the jobs support and the like.
There certainly is plenty of event risk.
And then you add to all these
geopolitics around Alibaba and now even
China, Japan certainly is going to be a
very very kind of volatile sort of few
days I feel.
>> Yeah, we've we've had a lot to do as far
as fitting all the stories into our
rundowns are concerned. So I mean it's
and a lot of the things that Ivonne just
mentioned there are really playing out
across these markets already. In fact,
when you look at what's happening in
Japan and the travel related stocks
there, we talked about crypto. Uh Nvidia
of course comes out same day as the
September jobs report. Is it going to be
backward looking? being too backward
looking I guess is at least we're
getting some data this week but all that
is to say cautious start to the week uh
going into the last let's call it 6
weeks uh well five weeks of the year
here uh going into the last week of
November here let's have a look at
markets where we are so we're up
slightly about a quarter 1% on Asian
equity markets uh we talked about the
jobs report more on that of course
coming through uh in case you missed it
on Friday too so two things in greater
China to mention that we'll get into it
later so uh new information coming
through out of the Ministry of Finance
pledging stronger or more proactive
fiscal policy and Hong Kong also
revising upward actually GDP to uh
forecast for the year given the
outperformance we've seen in the
economy. Um let's flip the page please
and have a look at and some of the
things we mentioned right playing across
these equity markets. So Japan related
stocks are well one direction and the
travel the course of travel here is on
the way down. As you can see here we're
looking at a lot of the cryptoreated
stocks. Monx for example following the
takeout the wipe out in and Bitcoin
prices on the weekend and of course
Samsung is getting uh some upside today.
This this report this morning it's
raising memory chip prices about 60%.
That's according to Reuters. It's
playing out across these markets and
going into the open today. A50 futures
and dollar China on your screens. Within
this, we're looking at it's a big
earnings day. Xpong, Leap Motor, and
Gile are coming out with earnings today.
Plus, of course, the Alibaba story is
yet to play out here in Hong Kong, and
we'll see what happens, of course, when
things get underway here in a couple of
minutes.
>> Yeah, we saw the ADRs fall on Friday in
the back of that report, right? So, the
Hong Kong listed shares will be in focus
at the open at the bottom of this hour
after that report. uh talking about the
possible ties uh of to the Chinese
military. The Financial Times says a
company provides tech support for PLA
operations against targets in the US.
For more, let's get to our Asia tech
correspondent Annabel Jeweler. She joins
us right now. Uh you know, Alibaba has
pushed back quite strongly on this
report. What about the details? Yeah, as
you probably would expect, I guess it's
it was quite an inflammatory one on
Friday from the Financial Times. And and
what the Financial Times is reporting is
that this is coming from an official
White House memo that essentially has
some
>> declassified top in top top secret
intelligence on how uh how they think
essentially Alibaba is helping the PLA
to to have capabilities essentially that
threaten to undermine US national
security. So there's a few different
fronts that they're looking at this. I
think one of the main parameters though
is around Alibaba cloud services and and
what those could be providing to the
PLA. But there's other points of access
as well, how how uh how Alibaba
extensively the FT says could be
providing things like customer data that
could include IP addresses, Wi-Fi
information, payment records, different
AI related services as well. Uh they
also said that employees of Alibaba had
transferred so-called zeroday exploits
to the US. So or rather to to the PLA.
So that's sort of zero day exploits.
You're looking at at software
vulnerabilities that you don't have a
chance to to patch or to fix because
it's essentially you're not having any
sort of lead time on that. No surprise
as I said Alibaba's push back very
strongly on this. They're essentially
calling the sourcing on this complete
nonsense. And they're also interestingly
I think linking it back to to the the US
China talks and saying that this is
something that undermines the progress
that was made recently.
>> Okay. Uh just to switch gears because
it's also playing out and you probably
saw what shares of Samsung were doing.
What do we know about that report? I
think it's Reuters 60% on some some
memory chips.
>> Yeah. So they're looking at the DDR5
memory chip. This is used extensively in
in high performance applications like
for AI and like in data centers, but
also for for computer PCs as well. But
essentially a very strong price lift. Uh
what Reuters is reporting here is a 60%
price jump for that DDR5 type of memory
chip. Uh but yeah, looking at at at
something that's gone now to to $239,
that's US in November, up from $149. But
I mean, the pricing power of course of
some of these key companies, you know,
is is strong and I guess sometimes they
want to take advantage of that as well.
>> Bill, thank you so much for a wrap of
the big tech stores going into today.
I'm just looking at shares of Alibaba,
but not much indication of which
direction uh will open today. We'll
certainly keep an eye on that next few
minutes or so. Uh but we're also looking
at a lot of the consumerf facing names
uh Japanese consumerf facing names
particularly uh in the Chinese mainland
here where you're looking at everything
from retailers makeup hotels
operators. Takashima is down about 6%.
So China's warned students planning to
study in Japan heightened risk. This
diplomatic spat sparked by Prime
Minister Takayichi's comments on Taiwan
shows no signs as you can see of easing
and this back and forth over the weekend
into where we are this Monday morning.
Minman Lo, our China correspondent is
here to talk us through the actions
Beijing has taken so far here. Minman.
>> Yeah, Beijing has told its students in
Japan to monitor the situation. It also
issued a travel advisory telling Chinese
citizens not to travel to Japan. And
it's coming at a bad time because we
just saw uh Chinese travelers to Japan
really steadily increasing and finally
reaching close to prepandemic levels.
We're talking about 7.5 million visitors
to Japan in the first 9 months of this
year. And Chinese travelers are the
biggest spenders. They make up nearly a
quarter of Japan's total foreign
travelers. So the impact of this on some
of the big retailers, you already saw
Chaseedo down close to 10% today. and
Chaseo relies on China on the China
market for more than 30% of its revenue.
So, uh obviously a big hit to some of
these retail retailers um and also
analysts are saying that these companies
Chinese expansion could be hampered by
any move by the Chinese government to
maybe get their Chinese citizens to
boycott these brands as well.
>> Yeah. Do we see any signs of an off-ramp
right now or is there more signals now
that more counter measures could come?
Well, there are signals that it is
escalating because over the weekend the
China Chinese uh China sent four armed
coast guards to the disputed waters what
it calls the Saku the Tawi Islands.
Japan calls it the Senkaku Islands and
China said that that was a rights
enforcing patrol that is legal and we
had seen a slew of commentary across
Chinese media really warning Japan to
retract its statements or face powerful
consequences and People's Daily in
particular saying that this is the first
overt threat of force from Japan uh
because of Takahi's comments and Sinua
as well saying that this is outright
militaristic adventurism that this is a
reckless gambit that could threaten the
security of the region here.
>> Yeah, some sharp rhetoric there. Well,
of course, we continue to watch this one
uh when it comes to China and Japan
relations here that has moved markets
here this morning. Our Mim Low, China
correspondent with the latest on that
front. And coming up, we'll be talking
markets with UBS chief investment
officer and why they still see more
upside when it comes to global stocks
next year. Adrian Zer joins us in just a
few moments. And we're counting down to
the open of trade in Shanghai, Shenzhen,
and Hong Kong. Looks to be a pretty busy
morning. This is the China show. Happy
Monday.
[Music]
Good morning. Welcome back. Uh you're
watching the China Shows. We're getting
geared up for what seems to be on paper
an eventful week. Uh pregnant with
potential. Um a lot on deck. Ivon and I
of course are off from tomorrow. Well,
we're still on shows, but we're we're
shifting to to the Singapore. Our new
economy forum of course begins midweek
all throughout Thursday and Friday. So,
watch for uh big highlights from that of
course. Uh speaking of Thursday, the
September jobs reports coming out.
That's according of course to the
statistics bureau. And yeah, they made
that announcement on the weekend. Plus,
it's a big earnings week. The overlay is
coming up on your screens with Nvidia
out of course towards the latter part of
this week among the many other names.
And of course from here uh that the
front end of this week in greater China
will see a lot of the big car makers
like J Leap Motor and Expunk all
reporting in fact uh today this Monday.
>> Yeah. Let's bring in Adrian Zer co-head
of global asset allocation and co- APAC
global investment management at UBS
chief investment office. Um it's a big
week but certainly there's a lot of
questions about you know the AI trade
which started off very positive this
start of year and now it seems like it
things are just getting more negative.
How should I assess the rest of the
year?
>> Well, I guess overall I think it all
depends on the Fed particular. So I do
think that if the Fed keeps on cutting
or at least signaling that there's more
interest rate coming, the equity market
definitely has more upside. Overall,
fundamentally I think actually market is
very healthy. Earnings have been very
very strong in in the third quarter. Um
I do believe that a lot of people are
positioned. So there's a little bit of
profit taken from time to time depends
on the macro data. Now this week we will
get a lot of macro data since the US has
has reopened up. We get FOMC minutes as
well.
>> That's right.
>> Um I do believe that the Fed still has
potential to cut in December, but that
brings volatility, but overall we
actually do think the market is quite
healthy and uh could actually go further
up from here.
>> It's still a liquiditydriven rally. You
think that's still the most important
component to your point?
>> Well, I believe I mean there's a lot of
fundamental behind that. I mean the
earnings are really really strong. I
mean
>> but we need the Fed as you point out
though. I I do believe but for me the
Fed actually the overall story on the
Fed is really about their neutral rates
are around 300 basis points. We still at
400 basis points. So if there's negative
news coming through they have a lot of
potential to cut. in their own thinking
they actually have to cut below 300
basis points to really become
stimulative and dovish and I think
that's sort of the fed put is very much
on and that will help the market and if
we don't get the cuts then because we
get strong macro data and that should be
positive for earnings overall
>> it seems like this this year was I I
don't want to say easy but it seemed
like there was everything that was
rallying right and for someone that
watches multiassets I'm just wondering
can we can we see similar success next
year where correlations are actually
positive or or have those correlations
relationships actually flip back to
normal now
>> I actually think it was a very difficult
year on one hand and there is on the
other hand yes you you you just put your
money at work at the beginning of year
you don't touch you most likely up quite
significantly but actually there was a
lot of rotation shifts coming in US
massively underperformed first quarter
then we had the sell off in April then
suddenly we had the AI rally back on we
had the dollar uh declining 10% and
since Everybody speaks about weaker
dollar. It's actually flat.
>> So you could also do a lot of things
wrong.
>> Um but overall I actually think for next
year the outlook remains very very
healthy. We probably see a reaceleration
of growth with lower interest rates. We
see earnings still coming through and
actually correlation to between bonds
and equities started to flip. So we
actually see this negative correlations
perfect for the environment for a
multi-asset class portfolio. And I said
with the Fed probably at least on the
fence and be able with a lot of an
emission to help if something goes wrong
um we actually should get a positive
year
>> wall will stay high maybe even go up the
higher valuation is but I'm actually
remaining very very positive particular
for multi asset class
>> and the advice on currency exposure is
reduce dollar exposure marginally even
even further compared to what they've
done this year. Look, we we think the
dollar is in a structural decline. I
think it's we're still FX reserves
around 65% in the US dollar. The US
economy is 25% of global economy. It's
only 13% of global trade. So as other
regions start to trade more maybe in
their own currencies, there's less need
to hold um FX dollar reserves in in in
US dollar. Um at the same time it
remains the most important ethics
component globally and I think for the
next couple of decades it will stay like
that but what we what we saw after the
first decline in 10% we saw a lot of
family office coming through how should
I think globally on a diversified FX
portfolio and I think something between
65 75% in dollar terms and then go into
some of the other currencies could be
quite interesting particularly positive
on on em local currency bonds Asian
local currency bonds That's one way to
play it.
>> So 2/3 thereabouts. Okay.
>> Yeah. In terms of of China, it seems
like the macro side of things is is
really weighing on I mean the numbers
that we saw last week were quite quite
um not soft, I guess you could say,
right? When you have investment
collapsing in the way that it has. I
know it hasn't mattered all much of all
year the the macro and fundamental
picture in China, but will it eventually
next year?
>> Well, it has probably not mattered that
much globally as well. you'll see a
slowdown as well. Um on on China on the
macro side, I think things are still
weak. I I think eventually the PBC will
have to do something like quantitative
easing. Um so I would be long duration
in China for example. I think interest
rates have to come off. There has to be
more stimul stimula coming through.
>> Um on China itself the tech side still
looks very very strong. We expect 37%
earnings growth next year for the AI
related tech companies and I think
that's the part that was driving the
rally and that's the part that actually
still could drive the rally going
forward.
>> So it's
too early to ro speaking of rotation to
rotate out at the big winners like tech
in China specifically. What does it mean
for dividend names for example because
if if yields are going to keep coming
down you go long duration are financials
still also going to be a winning bet
apart from tech within the equity
complex
>> I'm a multiasset class investor I
believe in diver diversification I do
think that some of the portfolios might
be too concentrated to the tech trade
>> okay
>> and we can start this even in the US
healthcare has done relatively well the
last two or three months and it's one
way to maybe diversify a bit and I think
it is a structural trend um and they
were basically through the Trump
administration we are massively under
pressure but actually see start to
outperform financials is a sector we
actually do like
>> in China yes it's a very high dividend
uh play it's very linked to the domestic
economy but I would start to diversify
out and maybe take some profits in the
AI trade diversify a little bit into
other sectors I do believe that makes a
lot of sense at this point
>> even within the AI trade though I mean
it seems like China has at least some
advantage pitch when it comes to the
energy side of things. I think a lot of
people have been talking about
>> the energy, the power grid and the like.
I mean, is that kind of the way to
position around AI now? Maybe it's a
focus away from the hyperscalers and the
like, but really more about the power
side of things.
>> So, we have three key themes uh at UBS
where we really believe there's
structural trend growth there. One is of
course AI itself. The other is really
about power and resources and uh you
have to basically create more
electricity to be able to do our chat
GDPs and deepsek searches and so on and
so on. I think that's a major shift. Uh
China definitely looks very very strong
on that part. Uh there's more
investments coming through in Europe.
There's more investments coming through
in in the US. So I think that's really
key structural trend. And then one um
starts to become a bit more AI like but
it's about longevity health care and a
lot of AI supported measures are also
going into that part robotics
demographics. So these are the the key
themes and I think you want to have them
in the portfolio because these are
structural growth drivers that will um
help the portfolio to generate high
alpha over time and so it's a really key
component. One of the big surprises this
year and speaking of alpha was gold.
>> What what what conversations are you
having now with with your clients around
gold for next year?
>> So we don't have gold strategically in
our portfolios but it's one of our best
tactical trade for the last 18 months.
So it's not even I would say tactical it
has gone beyond that.
>> Okay. There's something in between
tactical and and structural.
>> Well usually originally we had it
tactically but it just we keep on
rolling it and it's up another 50 60%.
And so it has been has worth to
basically hold on it and we see more
upside um given there's probably
debasement going on uh globally people
are looking for safety it's a store of
value um yes it has become probably also
a bit more cyclical driven there's a lot
of money went in maybe even some related
to AI so volatility will definitely pick
up but um I do believe is the US cutting
interest rates that will be supportive
for the dollar for the dollar um or less
for the more for gold side and yeah we
still hold it uh we still see upside
potential from here over the next 12
months and it's a good diversifier
>> who we talk are we talking about to also
someone from multiasset last week from I
think JP Morgan the 6040 plus
>> yes
>> portfolio plus side is the alternative
side
>> in terms of ROI and where I can get the
best return do I still stick to the
private markets for next year too
>> yeah so when we build portfolios in our
liquid side we have actually quite a bit
of hedge fund allocation 12% % I think
we have more than most of our
competitors and then we have what we
call the endowment fund style portfolios
which are the one that have grown a lot
over the last couple of years where we
allocate two private markets there's two
type 40% or 20% the the one is more
popular is 20 um and there I really
believe in the four components so you
have to have private equity private
credit infrastructure and real estate I
see a lot of people have sort of shifted
to private credit over the last couple
of years has returned spectacularly very
low volatility I'm not sure that all the
people are really aware on how much risk
they actually own it's high yield
exposure
>> and there's a diteration going on we
have seen it over last couple of months
so there we are a little bit more
cautious um so sort of neutral we were
we had it on attractive we are more
neutral I think infrastructure for
example is a fantastic diversifier and
not a lot of people are exposed um it
it's the best inflation edge you can
have from a prime market perspective and
it's just generating income uh basically
independent of of a lot of macroeconomic
swings.
>> Adrian, thank you so much. Have a great
week ahead. Thank you for warming us up.
Of course, big week ahead. Adrian Zurker
there head co-head of global asset
allocation at a and head of co of APAC
global investments there at UBS chief
investment office. Uh very quickly going
into the open today under 8 minutes away
coming up on your screens. We're down
about half of 1%. So we're slightly
softer on an index level. Dollar China
710 fix of the day is coming up. There
we go. Bottom of the screens. Alibaba's
in focus given of course the FT report
from Friday. Massive drop in ADRs. We're
down about 1.7%
in the pre in the in the pre-markets.
Plenty more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
All right, here's your agenda for today.
Of course, we're still tracking what
happens around tech here in the selloff,
whether we see another day of it. Of
course, Alibaba is going to be front and
center given that FT report. uh uh
talking about the company's ties to the
Chinese military which the company has
basically said that this was nonsense
right so we'll see if there's any
reaction there was a little bit in the
pre-market as well sectors to include of
course is crypto travel given the sino
and China relations of Japan seem to be
now escalating a bit earnings we talk
about some of the EV makers the car
makers are reporting later on CGBs as
well going to be in focus here today and
this China Germany dialogue is happening
as well
>> okay um all That is to say, we're down
slightly on the benchmark cap of 1%
there. Um, I think we dressed part
actually. I was thinking like we I don't
need to Okay, I probably changed my jack
a bit dark, right? Um, which is somewhat
the mood across these markets going into
this Monday. So, we're down about 410
and 1% on the China on the HR index.
We're dead flat as you can see 710
almost even there on dollar China
following the fix of the day. Uh, going
into the day. Okay, so lots of pockets
in the equity market to watch. We're
looking at Alibaba down one and a half%
last we checked 1.7 right now. Trip.com
might have to do also with the Japan
story and travel related stocks are just
getting thrown out the window in Japan.
Not just travel related, right?
Consumerf facing retail, cosmetics,
hotels, everything in between are seeing
some downward pressure again uh with the
geopolitical tensions heating up between
the two the two sides here. Um just to
say when you look at BU for example,
we're down a second straight week on AI
stocks globally. So want to watch crypto
obviously with Bitcoin taking out the
gains of the year. We're looking at
pressure there plus of course a lot of
the travel related stocks. We'll get to
that in a moment. But there we go with
some of the crypto names there.
>> Yeah, at least Bitcoin is at least
stabilizing here just a bit. As you
mentioned, we wiped out all the gains of
this year already. So we'll see where we
are when it comes to this bare market,
when it comes to the crypto side of
things. But yes, uh, looks to be a
pretty interesting point coming through
open here. You're watching the China
show. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Good Monday morning. Welcome to the
program. If you're just joining us right
now, we are counting down to the open of
markets here. If you're following the
weather forecast, the temperature is set
to dip
>> here in Hong Kong this week. So, them
boots are coming out if not if not
already. If you know, you know.
>> 13°.
>> Yes.
>> That's usually when you bring out the
puffy jackets, right?
>> Ski jacket season is upon us, if not
already.
>> Yeah. Did you see that? There's a meme
that showed that like how many days in a
year in Hong Kong where it's perfect
weather. I think it's three in November
and then it's like December and January
get a bit brutal. Brutal is a relative
term, right? Brutal for Hong Kong. But
certainly there's a lot of I guess you
could say when it comes to the weather
side of things, there's a lot of
volatility in these markets. Of course,
we're watching very closely uh when it
comes to earning side of things. But
yes, macro side, obviously the slew of
US data that could come out this week.
That could be something that, you know,
traders really have to catch up on
whether how that you know changes the
whole calibration around the Fed. Then
you have Nvidia earnings on Wednesday,
right? They always mostly beat when it
comes to earnings, but that doesn't
really matter. Might not still be enough
for traders here just given what we've
seen in history as a recent guide. Uh
actually stocks fall weeks after
earnings five out of the eight quarters.
That was something that I saw. Uh
certainly that's one to watch. So is it
an excuse to kind of take profits in the
whole AI trade this week? That could be
one question for the market here today.
In terms of your onore markets, uh Dave
mentioned about some of the technical
levels and MCI and Msei China I think is
below that 50-day moving average to one
to watch out for here. We are slightly
seeing some declines in the ashare
market here today. CSI 300 is down about
a fifth of 1%. Shanghai, Shenzhen
looking pretty flat here right now. Keep
in mind watching shares like CL, look at
a shares, uh, down 4.3%. Uh, but what a
rally it really has been, right? When
you talk about the whole pivoting of the
AI trade to the likes of ESS, right? I
believe the A shares hit a record last
week. Uh, the eight shares are one to
watch as well. I think they doubled
basically since they debuted in Hong
Kong. So a little bit of pullback there
4 and a.5%. Capricorn tech also is flat
this morning and we're watching of
course some of the consumer related
travel related stocks given some what
we've seen in Sinojapan relations which
are starting to really kind of uh become
more of a bigger issue and so we'll see
how that fares right HSC is down about a
third. Uh but you're watching likes of
Alibaba just given this FT report
talking about the company's military
ties. Uh obviously they have come
through and responded saying that this
report is nonsense. Um but then you know
you are seeing that negative reaction on
the stock. City had an interesting view
though. They're saying this is actually
a buying opportunity for Alibaba given
the fact that they you know they don't
believe that I think that they you know
would have done something like this or
at least they would follow the due
diligence. Um also they're expecting the
company to buy back shares. So Alicia
Yap and her team basically saying it is
a buying opportunity given this share
price drop. Uh, May one is actually
doing bucking the trend there, but BYU,
there you go. After revealing that AI
model last week, it continues to uh fail
to to really impress investors. We're
down about one and a half% this morning.
Uh, and we're watching very much the
travel section, right, of this market.
You take a look at what we saw with some
of these Japanese retailers, the
Japanese airlines, you know, all reacted
quite negatively to of course this
flaring up of tensions between Japan and
China with China giving that warning to
students to avoid travel, right? So that
certainly is why you're seeing the likes
of Air China down close to 3%, China
Eastern as well as Trip.com. Trip is the
one of the biggest losers on the board
here in Hong Kong this morning. Crypto
stocks are in focus as well. We talked
about we wiped out the 2025 gains uh for
Bitcoin. So that certainly is a sign of
these crypto stocks that maybe we are
extending into this bare market, right?
We stabilize in terms of the Bitcoin
price right now, but Holy Tech for
example is following through. We're down
about 5%. And earnings, earnings,
earnings, we focus on the EV sector on
autos, gely leap motor, and Xpunk. We're
actually expecting some pretty decent
numbers for the third quarter. They're
going to possibly talk about robust EV
deliveries. that's going to help the
results here and also they could be
potential beneficiaries here when it
comes to how regulators want to control
these price wars Dave.
>> Yeah. And we'll see what the outlook is
as far as the guidance is concerned
because the question mark around
subsidies is still up in investors minds
going into uh going into next year. So
we'll see what kind of clarity the
corporates can give right u back to the
AI trade right so Chinese investors have
been looking and have been in fact
already trading on um other themes as
far as the AI story is concerned you
know more affordable entry points uh
looking beyond just the hardware names
beyond the chip makers you have things
like you know you have no power you have
no AI right so utilities u metals
producers for example that really form
the backbone of the industry the
physical backbone of the industry here
let's bring in April Ma who's here to us
in town here in Hong Kong, our equities
reporter. Very nice to see you.
>> Likewise.
>> Okay. So, how have people been trading
this? What's the most recent uh what's
the popular trend recently?
>> Right. Because of this um concern about
the crowdedness in the chip trade, which
has been the centerpiece all year long,
I think uh funds are really trying to
pile into the areas which are less
crowded and where valuations are less
concerning. So over the past month or so
that's been in uh that's been in metals
that's been in energy storage systems
and in power equipment suppliers as
well. So obviously valuations are the
key concern. Um also fundamentally as
you said no power no AI and some of
these analysts are predicting that by
2030 a third of the um investment in in
AI is actually going into these sectors.
>> Right. tell us a little bit more about
kind of is this sort of the competitive
edge that maybe Chinese markets have
over the the US for example where we
actually see the capacity for this sort
of power and energy generation is this
sort of the way that Chinese investors
can really kind of pivot towards
sustainably
>> yes I think um there's still a lot of
room to play this because as we all know
I think some of the competitive edge
that China has in grid is that there's a
lot of capacity for it and also it's
much cheaper um and that most of the
time it's unfettered supply so that's
whereina China comes in. Um I think
that's going to be a narrative that
could last for quite a while when um
chipmakers are still looking quite
expensive.
>> Okay, April, nice to see you.
>> Yeah,
>> I see you too. Thank you.
>> April M there with the latest on the AI.
You can check out that story by the way
for clients on the terminal. It's also
on uh the website from that. We're we're
pivoting to earnings now. You have a lot
of big names coming out and not so big
names too. Okay, it's a spectrum of
course. Um but as far as the automakers
go uh we talked about this J Leap Motor
and Xiaopang are coming out with
earnings in fact today. Let's get let's
bring in our Asia transport uh reporter
Linda Louu uh joining us to help us give
us a preview of of what to expect.
Linda, good morning. Yeah. So is there I
guess before we get granular any
specific common denominator we're
watching out for as far as the sector is
concerned?
>> Yeah. Well, um the industry is under
scrutiny from regulators over unhealthy
competition. So, I think analysts are
watching for whether, you know, some of
these um requirements for automakers to
pay their suppliers faster will have an
effect on cash flow. I think what we've
seen from BYD is they've suffered um the
previous two quarters a kind of
unexpected drop in profits. So, we're
looking for potentially a similar effect
uh for other automakers including Jile,
Leap Motor, and Xpong. But I have to say
uh the three that we're focusing on
today, they're doing very well in terms
of their deliveries. So, I think for
these three revenues are uh expected to
grow by quite a lot.
>> Yeah, Linda. I mean, the big news I
think last week or last was has was been
Xpong, right? I mean, this really has
been a company that's trying to
transform itself maybe in in a Tesla
sort of way, right? When they're talking
about humanoid robots, when they're
talking about robo taxis and the like,
do you think investors are really kind
of coming to grasps now or coming to
grips now on, you know, this is more
than just an EV company with Xpong?
Yeah, it's been really surprised um I
guess a lot of us uh in the past couple
of weeks uh from unveiling their new
humanoid robots uh the Iron during the
AI event and I think that has really
kind of made investors re-evaluate uh
Xung's valuation especially when you
compare it to Tesla and so people are
kind of starting to price in that future
growth potential and you're seeing Xon
stock really surging uh especially in
the last week. Uh in the near term I
think these kind of new technologies uh
won't have such a big impact on their
financials but obviously I think uh for
the company's kind of future outlook um
that's something that investors is very
excited about.
Linda, just quickly, this journal story
on uh Tesla and some of its Chinese
suppliers and what they're perhaps not
able to do if they're selling to the US
market. Uh are you guys looking at
anything as far as the movers are
concerned within the sort of China space
today? Um how might how might that story
play out?
>> Yeah, that's something we're definitely
following really closely. Uh the news
about Tesla also came after GM was
reported to have asked its suppliers to
kind of remove the China elements from
its supply chain especially for
production in North America. So we are
seeing a bit of a trend in the auto
space especially with the American
automakers trying to stay on top of all
of these disruptions that come from the
tariffs. Um I think for some of the
larger Chinese suppliers um they've
already made moves to build productions
in North America especially in Mexico.
So I think uh for these uh players that
already have presence in North America
the impact to them will be a lot manage
a lot more manageable but obviously with
auto supply chains involving so many
different companies. I think u not all
of them will be able to um manage this
transition to maybe moving production
outside of China. So well
>> Linda thank you Linda Lou there our Asia
transport reported I mean just to
mention before we look at movers CL of
course is one to watch uh given this
placement and we're down about 4% on the
stock there u that's just to say so
apart from that a lot of big movers to
track Alibaba of course given all the
news flow from Friday that's of course
the FT report which then led to quite a
substantial draw down in the ADRs we're
not seeing that play out to that extent
in fact in the pre-markets we were down
close to two. We're now call it flat
just 10 minutes in. So City was right.
People are buying this dip right now
going into this dip we're seeing today.
BU is off about 2%. Japan travel
continues to remain a key theme across
these markets today. Very quickly on
your screens, everything from cosmetics
to hotels to airlines and of course
chips on the back of that Reuters report
on Samsung raising some memory chip
prices by 60% is playing out across the
benchmark and also some of its cohorts
in the sector.
>> Yeah. There's also this story about how
the likes of Samsung and SK and LG
pledging to invest about $550 billion in
in the country, right? There was some
scrutiny after this US Korea trade deal
that you know a lot of this money is
leaving, you know, home. So, this is
what they've been pledging for the next
5 years after that pres meeting with the
president uh there over the weekend. So,
certainly that is maybe what's kind of
leading to this rebound and some of
these big stocks here as well. Something
to watch throughout the day. Plenty more
ahead. This is Wilberg.
[Music]
All right, we're looking at the
Taiwanese dollar here this morning.
We're seeing a bit of strength after
what we heard from the central bank,
right? Vowing to avoid manipulating the
exchange rate. And that is part of an
agreement with the US government. Let's
bring in our Bloomberg FX and race
reporter Chen Huawan. She joins us in
Taipei with the latest. So how what are
we hearing more of at this point here
and you know in terms of direction of
travel where to next for Taiwan dollar?
>> Oh well uh as for Taiwan dollar after
after the the state George statement was
uh uh released last Friday we saw a very
very big move in the Taiwan NDF market.
But uh uh there are some uh analysts and
strategists think that do mainly caused
by the thin liquidity and the unwinding
of short position short positions on
Taiwan dollar. So uh after that the the
the the pricing seems uh to come down
and it doesn't gain any further. So uh
so right now we see on the spot mark
market uh today's move is about around
uh four 0.4%
gain in the Taiwan dollar. So it's the
most in uh three weeks um oh nearly
three weeks in the Taiwan dollars. So uh
we think it's it it will not uh repeat
what happened in May that at that time
we see that massive gain in two days
that caused the market to kind of panic.
Uh so so right now and we also like see
we also saw in um in the markets that
the the central bank and the stateowned
banks are actually trying very hard to
uh to smooth out the market and control
the expectation of the appreciation of
Taiwan dollar.
>> Chenua this David. So what are we
talking about a possible breach of 31 or
even 30? What are what are some of the
projections right now from the sales
side of people that you speak with?
>> Yeah, I think like generally people are
expecting uh Taiwan dollar to uh
gradually appreciate towards 30. So
reaching 31 is like uh very likely to
happen in the near term but is uh as
like the sentiment is really totally
different from what it is from in May.
So uh we don't expect that uh there will
be like a very massive impact uh uh or a
very big uh uh uh fluctuation a after
breaching that that that key point.
>> All right. Thank you there. Our FX and
race reporter joining us out of Taipei
this morning. In some corporate news as
well a McKenzie review has reportedly
criticized A&Z's culture saying staff
avoided delivering bad news. The AFR
says a review also found that former CEO
Shane Elliot did not sufficiently focus
on customers and non-financial risk. A&Z
hired the consulting firm to conduct a
wide-ranging review after Australia's
banking regulator found shortcomings and
impose higher capital requirements.
Boeing says it will focus on stabilizing
737 production at 42 planes a month
before increasing output again next
year. The company is still recovering
from years of setbacks and working
towards certification of the smallest
and largest 737 variants. Boeing says
getting it right at pace is better than
going fast as it ramps up both the 737
and 787 lines.
>> Right. Who remembers Fujifilm? So one's
known in case you're OG here primarily
for its photography business. So the
company is expanding into get this
biotech and yeah get this semiconductors
with major projects in India and other
countries. Speaking exclusively to
Bloomberg the CEO Teichi Goto told us
about the company's new goals and the
impact of the ongoing tariffs.
>> Currently the primary areas we're
investing in are first contract
manufacturing for the biioharmaceutical
business also known as CDMO.
The other area is semiconductor
materials. These two markets have
exceptionally strong growth potential.
>> For example, the CDMO business currently
represents a $500 billion market size
while low molecular weight drugs are
currently dominant. The market is
expected to grow to the point where
biioharmaceuticals will surpass them by
2028.
As for the semiconductor market, it has
been growing at an annual rate of around
8% or 9%. By 2030, it is projected to
reach a scale of around $1 trillion. We
are investing in both of these areas.
>> Looking at the broader Fujif film
business,
>> what's been the impact so far?
especially given that we're not just
talking about levies. We're also talking
about potentially costs going up when it
comes to some of the materials that need
to go into a lot of the components of
the things that you make.
>> That's certainly true. The tariff issue
was indeed a major problem for us
initially, but now at an incredible
speed, we've changed the supply chain.
We ship from the country of origin that
supports us. Then we also worked on cost
reduction, cutting expenses and lowering
product costs. Additionally, we
introduced new high value added
products. As a result, the impact of
terrors has been minimized and its
effect has largely disappeared. I was a
bit concerned about our consumer
products like the mirrorless digital
cameras, the Instaxs line popular with
younger people. I was worried that
consumer sentiment might be dipping a
bit and also given the situation in the
US economy.
Now we're nearing Black Friday and the
peak Christmas shopping season. Looking
at the current state of distribution and
purchasing, it seems things are still
going strong. So I'm feeling a bit
relieved. Therefore, regarding this
fiscal year's performance, specifically
in the imaging division for digital
cameras and Instaxs, we've revised our
forecast upward by 20 billion yen.
And that was Taichi Gooto there, the
Fujifilm CEO, speaking with our Sherry
over at uh Tokyo for us. Now, if you're
one of our Bloomberg clients, you can
rewatch that interview and you can catch
it on TV go. That's on your Bloomberg
terminals here. TV go is the function
that you run and you can scroll back to
not just this, many of the conversations
you might have missed throughout the
shows today. You can also be part of the
conversation here sending us instant
messages during shows today. Lots more
coming up here on the China Show. Lots
of good conversations. Speaking of, so
there's plenty more ahead, suffice to
say, this is the China Show.
[Music]
In some world news this morning, India
has arrested a Kashmir man accusing him
of helping plan last week's suicide
bombing in New Delhi that killed 10
people and injured 32. Authorities say
he helped buy the car used in the attack
and Indian investigators say they are
still working to uncover the wider
network behind the bombing which has
raised security tensions for the Modi
government. Thailand says tariff talks
with the US will continue separately
from its commitments to President Trump
over the border dispute with Cambodia.
Bangkok clarified the stands after Prime
Minister Anuin spoke with Trump who
signaled the US quote doesn't wish to
interfere in the conflict. The US has
paused trade talks pending Thai
compliance with the peace deal. German
finance minister Lars Kleiniel is
heading to Asia pushing for open
rules-based trade as tensions rise
between the US, China, and Europe. He
will take part in the German Chinese
financial dialogue in Beijing, meet
officials in Shanghai and Singapore, and
press for fair competition along with
better market access for German firms.
>> Right. Uh let's have a look at some of
the Tesla related suppliers, but might
have to do also with other things taking
place. We're looking at shares of CH.
I'm just looking at my screen here. 3.7%
to the downside. So there's the journal
story number one. I think there's also
the corporate action which is also
playing out across stocks. It's also
worth pointing out that CL has done
exceptionally well going into going into
this Monday. So also might be just
people taking money off the table going
into today. Speaking of, right, this has
really been one of the main recipients
of this AI trade outside of the chip
cohort and the hardware cohort, right?
So, how do you, you know, no power, no
AI? We talked about this earlier on.
Gang fun lit is really just one of those
names that has benefited substantially.
It's not just this, right? So, I think
this is just a really a cross-section of
or proxy of many of those names as well.
That's just to say these are the
intersection of really many big names
coming through and many big themes that
we've been talking about here.
>> Yeah. Aluminum. I mean, you look at
optical transceivers. I mean I mean you
got to go really kind of throughout the
whole kind of supply chain ESS right
energy storage systems right that
certainly is one of the key buzzwords
here when it comes to CL
>> as well um there's interesting note
there also when it came to uh ESS as
well they were talking a little bit more
about there is some sort of concern that
you know they could be sanctioned right
um sort of what we saw uh when it comes
to some of the critical minerals and the
like that is something that we've been
kind of discussing there with some
analysts of late uh in terms of crypto.
Certainly, we're watching that as well.
We have seen Bitcoin at least stabilize
in the Asia session, but yeah, some of
these crypto stocks are still kind of
falling along with the moves that we saw
on Sunday, right? So, we're just sub
95,000 for Bitcoin now. We basically
said bye-bye to all the gains of 2025.
Uh, but hi Tech certainly has been
feeling it and a lot of questions,
right? You know, crypto was seen as a
sort of debasement trade, right?
Benefiting from the likes of, you know,
dollar uh weakness. That's what UBS said
earlier.
>> Yeah. and why we've seen crypto, why
gold has done so well. Is that sort of
theme now fading now that we're starting
to see cracks emerge around the Bitcoin
space or at least the crypto space?
>> Yeah, it was quite a terrible weekend.
Uh it's really really what I spent a lot
of time on just looking at uh Bitcoin
charts over the weekend. Uh it certainly
is one to watch, right? PopMart, this is
interesting. Just two notes here. So
Morgan Stanley talking about this movie
report in Labubu lifting the stock. The
other side of the trade is Bernstein
talking about how, you know, do you
remember Beanie Babies?
>> Yes. Yes, that that could be the future
here of pop art. Could be two opposite
sides of the fate. We'll talk more about
that and other themes coming up here on
the second hour of the China show.
[Music]
Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at HSI half hour into the session.
It's more about the weather. I mean,
it's beautiful right now, but it's set
to be
>> even more crispy or crisp in the next
few days, right? Temperatures are
starting to head a little bit more
south,
>> but I I love it. I love a good crisp in
the air.
>> My my non-existent luxury ski jacket is
is
>> But hey, we're going to Singapore, so
never mind.
>> Well, it's I'm rating it for Singapore
because Have you ever have you ever been
in a mall in Singapore?
>> No. It it it is almost like you're at
the top of I don't know NCO and in and
it's crank up the AC like I feel like
Hong Kong's worse but
>> anyways
>> it's a big weekend
>> there is the temp I mean when it comes
to things going south I guess you could
talk about how risk sentiment is doing
right um if you want to relate it to the
weather here so you are seeing when it
comes to the hang there you go still
around the session lows half hour into
the session we're at 810 of 1% to the
downside here as well tech is on offer
it seems and really you know we were
just talking about right there are so
many sort of tangibles that we would
could look Nvidia earnings, look at, you
know, US macro data. But now this sort
of discussion around China, Japan
relations, I think if I looked at my
bingo card for 2025, I don't think we
expected this. That'd be so market
moving here today.
>> It it it really is showing up. In fact,
it's the pull. It's the pull when you
look at the Naked down about 6 cents at
1%. I'm just looking at market breath
there on the NK. So, we're we're just
taking out about 50,000 to the downside
there or thereabouts.
164 down. I mean, name your big Japanese
consumerf facing stock, whether that's
your retailers, some of the big
airlines, hotel operators,
San Rio is getting hit quite a bit. Um,
you're looking at other household
Japanese names. AS6 is also playing out
quite quite uh negatively right now. In
fact, just that's coming up on your
screens right now. So to to anyone that
said geopolitics has taken a backseat as
far as risk goes. I guess it's it's what
we were priced for, this was certainly
not what we were priced for going into
this Monday and it's playing out quite
clearly not just in Japan, right?
Trip.com 4.3% to the downside on the
back of this spat that's emerged
seemingly seemingly out of nowhere, but
yes, but yet here we are right now. It's
been I think it's been slowly kind of
simmering for for weeks now ever since
of course uh she made those comments of
prime minister in Japan. So certainly
now it seems to be coming to a bit more
of of intensity here and we're hearing
from Japanese public broadcaster at HK
is now saying a senior diplomat is
visiting China this week in a bid to
soothe tensions over the prime
minister's comments on Taiwan. Let's
bring in our China correspondent Mman
Lllo to talk us through what's the
latest. Yeah, certainly it seems like
it's serious enough that Japan is now
sending officials to China and China
suddenly is seeing this as quite a
material shift in Japan's stance, right?
Because this is the clearest
articulation yet uh under San Taki that
Japan would see any military attack on
Taiwan as an existential crisis which
gives them the legal justification to
intervene militarily. And this is
something that Chinese state media has
been, you know, really up in arms over,
saying that this is the first overt
threat of force that Japan has shown to
China in 80 years since World War II.
And China is saying that this is
essentially the same as military
adventurism. Um, and they are repeating
their mistakes of Japanese aggression in
the 1940s. So, it's something that is
trending heavily on Chinese social
media. You know, Chinese people are
talking a lot about this. And of course
the Chinese government has taken
measures asking its citizens not to
travel to Japan over these security
concerns
>> is
one part of the argument is this was a
comment while a strong comment maybe
taken out of context. It's obviously a
few days since then a few weeks and then
this escalation we're in right now. Is
what we've seen in the last let's call
it 48 hours since Friday a signal of
more counter measures to come. Is this
about to kick off or is this almost as
bad as it could get?
>> It could be. I think we have to see what
happens when the Japanese officials meet
with the Chinese officials because I
think what China wants to see is to have
Japan really commit to the one China
policy and maybe to retract those
statements. Of course, I think what they
would really want is an apology from
Japan, which they're not likely to get.
But right now, we have seen military
threats, right? to have China sending
these armed coast guards to the disputed
waters near the Senkaku or Tia Islands
um over the weekend saying that they are
making rights enforcement patrols. Um,
so it is a sign and this was explicitly
mentioned in a way account linked to the
Chinese state media CCTV Yuyu Tantien
saying that these are signals that China
is prepared to take strong counter
measures if things don't uh settle down
>> and this kind of back and forth it comes
the worst time right this is coming at a
time when we are seeing plenty of
Chinese tourists heading to Japan I mean
you can include Hong Kong as well
>> in a we currency
>> yeah I mean we are looking at traveler
numbers is close to prepandemic levels
now 7.5 million travelers in the first 9
months of this year and bear in mind
Chinese travelers are the biggest
spenders and they make up now nearly a
quarter of Japan's total foreign
travelers so you think about all these
Japanese brands that rely heavily on
Chinese revenue uh brands like Chaseo
more than 30% coming from the Chinese
market so that's why we are seeing the
stock down about close to 10% today um
and some analyst our Bloomberg
intelligence analyst Katherine Lim is
saying that some of these Japanese
company's ambition to expand further in
China could be hampered by this as well,
especially if the Chinese government put
out a stronger statement calling on its
citizens to boycott some of these
brands.
>> Yeah, and we've seen this before in
previous episodes where there's the
tensions between the two have flared up.
It's really played out on the business
on the ground.
>> That has specifically happened I think
when uh Japan nationalized the the Saku
island or privatized it. Um I can't
remember but
>> it was a few years more than a few years
ago.
>> Yeah. And the Chinese government
explicitly told I think the Chinese
citizens to boycott some of these
Japanese brands.
>> I remember I was still a student in
China. Remember mid2000s where there
were flare ups, you know, there were
riots
>> and there were all these flags that
people would hang
>> Yes.
>> on their cars or outside their windows.
>> Yes. So it could I mean there's there's
there's something in there that
>> if you light the proper fire that's
could get out of hand, but but yes,
that's where we are.
>> All right, Mim, thank you. Um, let's
talk a bit more about what we're seeing
across these markets and the re reaction
that we're seeing in Japan in
particular. Let's bring in our Alice
French. She's our Japan stocks reporter
in Tokyo. And Alice, I mean to take your
pick, whether it's, you know, tourism or
travel related, we're seeing some
outsized moves here to the downside. Uh,
what are you tracking so far in your
team?
>> Absolutely. Good morning. Yeah. So,
look, department stocks are being hit
pretty hard today. Um, we're seeing
Mskoshi down over 12%. Jfront RA
retailing also having a bad morning and
this is partly as as Mimin says you know
we know that Chinese tourists are among
the biggest spenders in in inbound
visitors in Japan and a lot of them make
tax-free purchases um at department
stores and so those likely to be hit
also things like fast retailing that
runs Unilo um down over 6% this morning.
We're seeing Pam Pacific as well, which
runs Don Kyote, which of course is is
popular with tourists from all over, but
does get frequented by by Chinese
tourists too. Um really having a big
decline this morning, and it seems to be
uh really weighing on both the
benchmarks here this morning. Um now, we
know, you know, if we go back to kind of
the beginning of this year, sort of
January, February time, a lot of
analysts were getting really excited um
about, you know, this kind of uh record
number of tourists that Japan was
planning to see in 2025. Chinese uh
visitors obviously making up a big chunk
of that and a lot of um stocks had
gained a lot on those expectations not
least things like hotel operators uh cur
maintenance for example um had seen some
pretty nice gains and is now down around
9% this morning so I think um there
might be some sort of some rerating um
or some definitely some concerns coming
in in terms of how investors are looking
at these sort of inbound related stocks
going towards the year end
>> Alice have we heard from either either
you know the companies themselves or the
analyst community is this a is you know
are people being over pessimist overly
pessimistic is this a buy and dip
opportunity today
>> I mean that's the big question right and
from discussions that I've had this
morning it seems like you know the
concerns are valid um investors and
analysts have been telling us that you
know this could really hit the economy
um we've had a note out from Nora this
morning saying that the monthly uh
income from from inbound travel could be
down over 200 billion yen per month.
That's that's a pretty big hit, right?
Um it could impact things like the yen.
It could impact even things like future
BOJ decisions if you know we really do
go down from the level that we have now
to zero Chinese travelers. Now, of
course, it may not be that extreme, but
I think at least on the sentiment side,
this is something that I think we'll see
play out kind of in in the coming days
and weeks. Of course, we'll have to wait
to see how much it actually impacts the
numbers of visitors. But it definitely
feels like it's sort of a real threat, a
real fear here for for investors and for
the companies too, but you know, of
course, only time will tell. Can the two
countries kind of come to some sort of
agreement and kind of um you know, put
this this issue to bed. We don't know
yet, but certainly at the moment that
the fear and the concerns feel very real
um among investors this morning.
Yeah, Alice, at some point, if not
already, someone's going to crowbar this
into the BOJ conversation coming through
and them maybe not being able to hype.
We can get to that later on. Alice,
fantastic. Thank you, Alice French with
the latest out of Tokyo, of course, our
top story this morning. Plenty more
ahead here on the China show.
[Music]
All right, welcome back. You're watching
the China show. Some stuff to watch this
week. Okay, take your pick on the macro
side, data sides, and in case you missed
the announcement on the weekend, the
September jobs report is coming out on
Thursday. There we go.
>> Remember those? Yeah, long time ago.
>> I wonder what it looks like now. It's a
43% probability, last I checked, of a
reduction in rates in December, but
that's moving target of course. Uh on
top of all of that, uh we're also
getting some earnings coming through.
We'll talk about that in a moment. We're
also getting push back, by the way, uh
from the Feds and some officials over a
potential operative word, potential rate
cut in December. You have expectations
we just talked about there have really
been scaled back with officials showing
very little conviction for reducing
borrowing costs next month.
I've been able to get behind the last
two uh cuts. Uh and we'll see what
happens for this next one. We I still
got a couple of weeks, right? So I I
don't One thing I try to remind everyone
like we are a data driven body, right?
So I want the information to guide where
where I think the appropriate uh policy
should be.
I think it would be hard to support
another rate cut unless we were to get
convincing evidence that inflation um is
really coming down faster than than my
expectations or that we were seeing more
than the gradual cooling that we've been
seeing in the labor market.
>> Let's bring our Bloomberg ML executive
editor Mark Cutmore joins us now from
Singapore. And Mark, you know, it's
plenty of event risk this week when you
talk about Nvidia earnings, you talk
about this the slew of data that we're
going to get when it comes to the US
September jobs report. What's going to
be top of mind for your team this week?
It's absolutely got to be Nvidia
earnings. Uh I think look, AI theme
really dominates everything. Everything
else is kind of marginal tweaks to how
we play that narrative and Nvidia
earnings will come into that. Um there's
of course a feedback loop from the macro
into the AI theme. Uh we expect Nvidia
earnings to be strong, but uh over the
last 15 months has been this this quite
bizarre phenomenon where Nvidia stock
price has risen by over 15 50% added
about $1.7 trillion in market cap which
is more than all but about 10 companies
in the world in in terms of size and yet
it almost always falls in the wake of
its earnings. and the of the last five
earnings um four out of five it's kind
of got hit quite badly over the the
subsequent month uh which is so it's
quite phenomenal that rise has happened
despite the fact that it's earnings have
been a sell the fat event even though
all those earnings are strong and it's
important to emphasize that all the
guidance we've got from all the other
names in the sector this this earning
season mean that we're pretty confident
that Nvidia earnings will be good but
it's about future guidance it's pretty
hard to beat the euphoria in that space
so we expect Nvidia earnings to kind of
feed a further rotation there's kind of
a nent theme from last where we're
seeing some of the the previous favorite
retail names, the more specular momentum
stocks, they're starting to suffer as
people take profits on winners. Uh, and
they're going into some of the more
value plays in the stock market. So,
we're getting growing breadth in the
stock market even as we're having more
volatility.
>> Mark, uh, I've got to ask you not
specifically about what's happening of
course between Japan and China. We had
that other report on Alibaba and its
ties to Chinese military from I think
from the FT there. How do we need to be
thinking about just examples those two
of again the geopolitical risk premium
into markets this week or is that
somewhat idiosyncratic for those two
stories?
>> So I think that that there's clearly a
valid story here between China and Japan
and we've we've seen we've had these
spats before um with China with
countries when it's discouraged tourism.
It has a sustainable impact u but and so
therefore I don't think this is going to
blow over immediately but it's very
marginal. I mean, I think Alice there
beforehand, I may have got the number
wrong, but I think she said they're
talking about, you know, in a bad case
scenario, 200 billion yen of monthly
inflows that won't come in. Well, that's
only 1.3 billion US. It's not, you know,
gamechanging. So, it's pretty marginal
even the extreme scenario even if it
sustains. But the point is it plays into
a narrative. Again, we were just talking
about there the theme at the moment is
people selling down winners and Japan
stocks have been one of the real
outperformers this year. The domestic
market had already started losing faith.
that already been seeing large outflows
from the Japanese market. Uh a little
bit worried about what Taiki can
actually do in terms of uh you know
stimulating the economy. Uh so you know
the growth for next year expectations
for Japan it's expected to have some of
the slowest growth in G10. Uh so the
economy is pretty stagnant. Still got
deeply negative real yields and yet you
can't get the economy going. You've got
the debt bubble. So I think that this is
a market that's done really well. Now
you've got an idiosyncratic story.
You're already tempted to take some
profit here. You've got a bit more
reason to do so. So I think the
fundamental actual impact here is
marginal even if sustained but I think
it fits into the narrative people want
to take profit in Japan. So we'll
probably hear more about this this week
in terms of the the Alibaba story again
uh I think that's going to be dominated
more by Nvidia earnings this week in
terms of that the whole supply chain for
Nvidia not the whole supply chain but
much of the supply chain is concentrated
in Asia. So the narrative around AI from
the US will actually dominate Asia
stocks this week in Taiwan and the China
tech names in Korea. Uh, and that's
probably going to be the more dominant
theme there.
>> Mark, fantastic. Mark Codmer there, our
executive editor out of M Live in
Singapore for us. And really perfect
jumping off point. The last point there
on Nvidia and the valuations and this
window of opportunity to maybe lock in
those valuations, list these companies.
Uh, lot to talk about with our next
guest, another Mark, perhaps a better
one. Global TMT conference begins today
out of JP Morgan. And of course joining
us here on set is Mark Bitney, head of
consumer internet and APAC. New economy
investment banking at JP Morgan. Very
nice to see you and good morning.
>> Yeah, good morning. Great to be here.
>> New economy, what is what what does that
constitute?
>> We look at what does that mean?
>> We look at technology not just as a
vertical sector but as a horizontal
force that cuts across every sector. So
profound transformation happening in
every pocket of global GDP. Whether it's
financial services, automotive,
healthcare or consumer retail, every
pocket going through change because of
technology and I get to help think
through what does that mean for
>> industries
including AI and the
>> like it's never a dull moment.
>> How busy has has business been really
this?
>> Uh it has substantially picked up. Um we
we're seeing a backlog um in size that
we haven't seen since since 2021. uh
markets are quite conducive to new
issuance. Issuance up about 30% this
year over last year
>> and uh and as we look at the the outlook
going forward um it's as robust as as
we've seen it in a long time.
>> What's the what's the pipeline looking
like?
>> Um so we'll we'll we'll expect to see
IPOs driving the the majority of the
wallet. IPOs will be uh in Hong Kong,
we'll be in Japan, we'll be in India. Um
but broad broad set of tech IPOs. Um as
we as we look going forward,
>> a key question for the market right now
is really how are these hyperscalers,
how these tech companies really going to
raise all this money to kind of fund
these sort of
>> their development plans around AI,
right? Are you seeing that most of that
financing is going to come in in in the
equity market or the bond market?
>> Uh it'll be it'll be a mixture of both
and then there's obviously strategic
capital that goes into it too because
>> companies have a a vested interest in
funding their own ecosystems. Yes,
others too. No,
>> no, no shortage of capital inflow where
there's growth and outsized value
creation, there's going to be capital
there to to support it.
>> When you look at some of the capex and
we've seen some of the projections,
right, trillions that have to go into
this AX capex spend,
>> do the numbers make sense to you? Like
do you get a sense like how are you guys
going, you know, I'm going to help you
raise that money, but that that seems to
be
>> quite a lot for my team to to do. If you
look at the the internet transition,
about 15% to to global GDP was added
through the the transition from offline
to online. You go back to PC, it was
about 1 and a.5% per year over a 20-year
period in productivity gains, right?
>> So the size of the opportunity relative
to the capex is still a very asymmetric
ratio. Okay,
>> if you're a hyperscaler and you can play
into that and you've got the resources
to do it, you're spending.
>> I have to ask the geopolitical question
just given what we've seen with Morgan
Stanley being questioned around the Zene
mining or using gold uh listing. I think
JP Morgan was subpoenaed just a few
months ago on the CL listing as well.
How do Wall Street banks navigate these
sort of US China trade tensions now
whether how to deal with these Chinese
companies that are looking to list? It's
it's a complex backdrop and there's
regulatory constraints on both sides.
But but our focus is helping our client
base to to navigate
>> this uh this backdrop which which does
have does have challenges and pressures
coming from both directions. And it's
not static. It's a moving target. So
we've got to figure out how to how to
navigate against it.
>> Well, suffice to say it doesn't phase
you. It's it's it's it's it's a factor
to consider, but it's still business as
usual. would you say it it it's a
complexity that we have we have to
manage and it and it and it does take up
air time in order to in order to sort
through it um but uh but it hasn't
stopped the ability to actually service
our clients. Let let me ask you about
valuations whether that's we know the
private markets the public markets the
conversations you're having with clients
>> is there a sense that this is a window
that is about to close that you know
it's better to list now than later or is
there a sense that you know timing is
better than timing the market.
>> Yeah markets will move up and down but
we're talking about a fundamental
secular trend of moving from a less
intelligent world to a more intelligent
world. So there's a there's going to be
a lot of fundamental growth there.
>> You don't time you don't need to time
the long term. Certainly markets will
>> create windows for you and we've got to
figure out how to navigate those
windows. But but the the the core focus
is what is that long-term trajectory?
>> Yeah. Capital flows wise, I mean, where
are you seeing the most growth? Is it
still China? Where else are you
focusing?
>> Uh it it's actually quite quite broad
across across the the the entire Asia
region. uh we're seeing a lot of a lot
of fundamental growth activity in India.
We're seeing a lot of of market activity
uh in in Japan. Uh the the core growth
engine though for for Asia is China.
>> The Hong Kong has really come back in in
a very big way and I think I can't sell
that enough when you look at the
activity that's happening here. Where do
you think the listing market goes in the
onshore markets in main in mainland
China? What's your out what's your
outlook there? Yeah. So there there
continues to be uh robust uh markets uh
onshore too. Yeah. Uh issuers need to
navigate where where do I want to raise
my capital and where do I want to be
listed?
>> Uh a lot of of Asshare listed companies
are are pursuing dual listings to to
take advantage of of Hong Kong. Um so
we're seeing it both onshore and
offshore. Um it's it's uh it's uh rising
tide in both in both locations. You're
having your global TMT conference. Yes.
Can you tell us a little bit more about
what's what's in store? What's the
themes?
>> Um, so so as as your prior speaker had
had said, AI is the the overshadowing
theme and whether that's AI in the
digital infrastructure or in the tech
supply chain or in foundational models
or in application layer or in embodied
intelligence like robotics. We're seeing
AI drive broad themes across across
everything.
>> Mark, great to have you. have a great
conference.
>> Great to be here. Thank you so much.
>> Global head of consumer internet
investment banking ahead of APAT new
economy IB at JP Morgan. Coming up on
the China show, we have more on the tech
sector with the US consumer technology
association. We'll discuss key industry
trends as well as the impact on US trade
policy on some of its groups members
like the likes of Amazon, AMD, Best Buy,
and Sony. Gary Shapiro joins us. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Welcome back. Uh we're looking at
markets about an hour into the cash
market session here. CL. Yeah. Both the
listing uh onshore and here in the
offshore markets are down similar amount
similar story here. Um as it pertains of
course to well you have the import story
you have this uh this corporate action
uh number two and of course the the fact
that the shares have done exceptionally
well as really a recipient of this power
play uh when it comes to the AI.
>> Yeah I think the A shares are at our
close to records. Uh eight shares have
doubled basically since they listed here
in Hong Kong. So maybe some profit this
year. Yeah.
>> Um so yeah it's interesting that Morgan
Stanley note about the sentiment around
energy storage stocks in China might you
know the fact that US lawmakers are
pushing to limit grid component imports
from the country that could be a a bit
of a headwind really for this sector
which has done very well as Dave
mentioned there. So this could be a
cause of concern for ESS uh of late.
Take a look when it comes to chip stocks
though quite a bit of a rebound in some
of these chip plays particularly when it
comes to Korea. So Samsung SKH highex SK
is up 6% once again as well and the
benchmarks are doing this here. So it
seems like Korea is seeing a bit of that
uh rebound here this morning. But yes,
benchmarks in China still seeing some
declines with the CSI 300 leading that
charge. We're down about 7/10 of 1%.
Plenty more ahead. dishes. Bloomberg
[Music]
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are heading to that lunch break and
yeah, it's certainly a time to kind of
digest sort of the news that we've seen
over the weekend. Whether it's kind of
this flare up in tensions between China
and Japan, that seems to be the eye
we're seeing that drag on the nicke and
topics here. We're down about 8/10 of
1%. Dollar yen is still trading in the
weaker side of things. We're at trading
around 154 155 levels here this morning.
And really, we talk about the sectors,
it's everything from travel, department
stores, retailers, even Hello Kitty. I
mean, the the impact from of course
these the tensions uh there certainly is
being felt throughout.
>> Yeah. Even San Rio taking up.
>> Even Hello Kitty.
>> Hello Kitty is not immune to the
geopolitical tensions.
around Taiwan interestingly between
between the two. But yeah, I mean when
you look in fact at the So we're going
into the break in literally two seconds.
There we go. Uh uh glance under the hood
top 10 and bottom 10 on the nicke coming
up on your screens very very shortly.
You look towards the bottom side of
things. So a lot of the mall operators
where you really get substantial sales
and foot traffic. Oh, we're getting cut
off in fact. There we go. um from uh
mainland Chinese travelers into Japan.
So imagine
the the basement levels at those malls
in Ginsza, whether that's Mitsukoshi or
Tekkashimaya or Isatan are perhaps going
to be a less busy this time around. So
everything from makeup like Chaseedo,
fast retailing, unique law on the floor,
uh Nissan Motor, Sharp are really
getting hammered and hammered quite bad
on the back of this these developments
there. But yeah, I mean we'll we'll see
how this plays out, but it's really
playing out across social media. It's
making Chinese media and you're getting
really sharp responses from the Chinese
side.
>> Yeah, the rhetoric and certainly has
been quite bold uh over the weekend,
right? So there there lot of questions
whether we can see more of this or are
we likely to see more brands being
boycotted, you know, not just when it
comes to travel. So that certainly is
the question for the market uh there as
well. In terms of your Asia benchmarks
and and what we're looking at here
today, we are seeing some downside gains
here about 31%. US futures are still
punching higher here this morning, but
it's it's the tech, it's the energy
plays that are still seeing some green
here. The rest of the market though uh
is seeing a bit of pressure here this
morning. Uh but AI certainly has been
that major theme for markets this year,
right? From questions about valuations
and really are they looking still to
stretch right now? You know, certainly
Nvidia earnings are this week as well.
that could be maybe the next sort of
pillar there to kind of deal with on
whether to actually rotate out of this
whole AI trade or not.
>> Yeah. The guidance that they give um I
think they've beaten
>> all but I I had
>> all but one quarter right in the last
>> in the last
>> well let's call it what 10 years
>> 40 quarters I think 40 quarters
>> yeah 10 years
>> and it's still not enough
>> and the stock tends to underperform
>> yes
>> in
>> it's fallen weeks after the results come
out of the eight times
>> quarters that they they reported. So it
it it's it's one thing to kind of beat.
It's still not enough for for traders
out there.
>> It's kind of I mean talk about the the
pressures of being perfect. I mean we we
we know that. But
>> anyway anyway our next guest might also
have be familiar with the pressure
actually heads one of the biggest tech
events in the world. The annual CES
course taking place in Vegas I believe
at early next year. Gary Shapiro is here
with us on set. CEO and vice chair of
the Consumer Technology Association.
Good morning and nice to see you.
>> Good morning. Great to be here.
>> So, how many more weeks until the big
event?
>> Oh, it's about nine or so. It's the
first week in January.
>> Okay. Crunch time. It's crunch time.
>> It's crunch time.
>> Tell us about what's what's the most
exciting thing that you think we'll find
out. Well, you know, something fresh.
Something fresh.
>> CES is certainly the biggest event in
the world for innovation. Uh we're doing
great this year coming up for 26. uh we
get 40% of our people from outside the
United States. It's 140,000. It's not
open to the public. And we'll have uh
about 4,000 different companies
exhibiting, but it's about AI.
Artificial intelligence is certainly
pervading everything we do. But whether
it's robotics or mobility or
telecommunications or healthcare, it's
all centered at CES with AI as a
centerpiece.
>> Can you tell us a bit more about what
sort of Chinese presence we might see
this year around? I mean certainly
there's been a bit of a I guess not as
much presence in the previous years.
Maybe it's geopolitical tensions but
>> there's a pandemic too.
>> There was a pandemic too. Are we likely
to see I mean just given the amount of
technology and the breakthroughs that
we're seeing in robotics in China. Is
that going to be a really big sort of
theme?
>> Well certainly China since uh co has has
continued to go up in its presence
despite all the different trade issues.
Uh in fact Lenovo uh the CEO will be
keynoting in the big sphere several
thousand people 5 cents experience they
brought their annual event to Las Vegas.
Uh so China will be there but believe it
or not the number one country outside
the US
>> Korea
>> big several thousand people come several
hundred exhibitors uh they're they're
pretty hot right now.
>> Yeah. Okay. So the sphere okay that's
getting me excited already uh just given
the venue there. Okay. Help us
understand the Korean presence. You
mentioned that too. What's what are they
bringing to the table? you think in
terms of the consumer phasing element of
this AI conversation?
>> Well, CES has both business and consumer
elements. It's about half and half. Uh
but what we're seeing from Korea is of
course both as we see from China and the
US and and Japan. Uh again, it's AI
centered, but Korea is very good in
robotics. They're very good obviously
with Samsung and LG and others in terms
of AV and entertainment and even in
healthcare. There's a lot of people
jumping in with all these great sensing
devices around uh that are transforming
health care in the world.
>> Yes, that's right.
>> There's been so much talk I mean the
narrative around AI seems to have gone
from very positive at the start of the
year to maybe slightly more negative now
about you know the questions around
these capital spending plans and how
they're going to raise this sort of
money to fund it. What's the going to be
the conversations like at CES? Right.
You know, all this fears of an AI
bubble, you know, what's your take right
now, Carrie, of where we are? Well, see
this is great because people actually
meet face to face. You know, they're not
fake bots on AI or on your computer. Uh
and it's a five sense experience and
there's serendipity there. But the
discussion about AI is
>> how this is coming to market, how it's
affecting jobs. Uh there's a lot of
national government leaders uh there who
will be talking about what they're doing
in their countries. Countries have some
really good strategies based on AI. Some
are more heavily focused on privacy and
harm and others are more focused on
where we can get these data sets and
solve some real human problems. There's
a lot of tradeoffs. Every country has
their own issues. But in terms of the
business side and what's going on, it's
about implementation, making things more
efficient. There's a great opportunity
there that we'll see in the next few
years to change things fundamentally.
And it's not about losing jobs, it's
about understanding AI to keep your job
uh and and and get in there. And there's
been a rapid transformation in the
skills needed. And there's a lot of
discussion about that. There's a lot of
obviously financial pressure. You layer
on that the tariff discussions which is
absolutely distracting and huge this
past year.
>> Uh we're hoping to get away from that
and focus on the business of innovation
and making the citizens of the world's
lives better.
>> C can we put that story behind us? You
think the tariff conversation?
>> I from your mouth to politicians ears.
Uh the only thing I could say is we hope
to think so. I think uh President Trump
is a very unique president. He really
has his love interest with tariffs. Uh
but tariffs are taxes. They're they're
imposed upon countries and people and
consumers, right? And inflation's a
problem. Now, going against that, to
bring it full circle, is artificial
intelligence is anti-inflationary
because it increases productivity. We
always forget that about inflation. It's
just not cutting interest rates or
raising interest rates.
>> It's about productivity. And
productivity, I believe, will see the
greatest jump we we've seen since the
introduction of the internet and the
introduction of computers.
>> Yeah. And you're of course represent a
lot of your members of the big tech
companies in the world. How do you see
them weathering through all these kind
of change in tariffs and you know
shifting supply chains and the like for
next year?
>> It's been a challenge. Uh they've had to
pivot a lot. That's why I have a book
pivot or die. It's coming out in Korean
soon. Uh and
>> in Korean Korean. Yeah. Well, it's
obviously in English, but it's been very
popular. It was written before Trump
became president, but it is about
pivoting in the United States. That's
probably the number one word that's out
there. uh because people are changing
what they're doing. They're changing how
they're approaching their jobs. You
know, with all the government shutdown,
with the Doge government cuts, with the
change to educational institutions,
people are transforming how they're
thinking about their future. And some of
it is good. I mean, there's a shift to
more technological environment rather
than produce millions of college
educated people which may not be able to
get jobs. We need people with technical
skills. And you tie that into the
immigration challenges that a lot of
countries are facing and how they're
putting borders around. Uh we need some
skills. We need some manufacturing and I
think there's generally support for the
strategy of let's be a little more
self-sufficient. Let's have some real
strong trade agreements with our friends
and our and our strategic allies like
China which which could we have to cut
deals with and that's why I'm pretty
optimistic the fact that people are
talking it's really important. Do you
think supply chains are being
disentangled a little bit too much or do
you see a lot of that coming on shore
for example in the US with President
Trump and his announcements that a lot
of the big tech companies are putting up
more capacity in the US for example do
you think we are moving away from each
other rather than moving closer
>> I picture this where I picture the
French
>> on the point that the pivot point
>> yeah well like the French don't really
deal with their numbers of an aging
population and pensions and things like
that and they still want to keep their
60-year-old retirement age I think
that's how the United States and others
may be dealing this concept of
manufacturing in in the country. It's
there's been no real net change in
manufacturing. It's very expensive to
build a factory. We don't have the
skills for it. We don't have the skilled
workforce. And we're sending away a lot
of the people with skills that are not
US citizens that build stuff. They're
the ones we rely on to fix things and
build things is a lot of immigrants.
Some there legally, some not. Uh and
it's not realistic. Honestly, I don't
think you'll see a major shift in US
manufacturing except in perhaps defense
critical, national security critical
things for the next few years, but
there'll be a gradual shift. There's a
lot of impetus to do that. People want
to see that. And look, having all your
supply chain in in one country is a risk
for any company right now. And that's
something you have to diversify your
supply chain, whether it's natural
disaster or political issues. Uh it's it
just makes good sense to have
competition and choice when you're
producing something.
>> Gary, it's great to have you.
invigoration CEO and vice chair of
consumer technology association. We look
forward to CES in just about a few
months of time there uh the beginning of
January, right? Yes. Okay. Coming up,
how China's consumers are rattling
global luxury giants with a switch to
homegrown brands. More on the changes in
this $ 49 billion market. Coming up
next, this is Bloomberg.
[Music]
>> Let's talk about luxury. Why not?
>> Right? You got, you know, some of these
foreign brands like LVMH,
we have to move over, right? There's
things are changing in the whole 49
billion luxury market with spending on
foreign premium brands have actually
started stalling in the mainland and
really the rise of these sort of local
premium brands right have you ever heard
of the likes of well Lu Gold we talk
about that quite a bit here
Ma Gaping I I actually had to look it up
a little bit too uh some of these brand
let's bring in Shirley Jao our
conglomerates in consumer report I guess
David has no idea what we're talking
about
>> hang on you haven't into the latest
renovation at the English household.
>> Oh, ma good ping all over your face.
>> All over. If if you think the oval
office is draped in bling, you should
come to my living room.
>> Oh, it's all loo.
>> There we go. Anyway,
>> let's tell them the rise in these
Chinese premium brands. Why do you think
they've they've grown so rapidly?
>> So, the rapid rise of these Chinese
homegrown premium brands coincides with
China's economic slowdown. So you know
amid a slumping property prices and very
high youth unemployment rate um a lot of
Chinese consumers are now be are
becoming more cautious and selective
when it comes to shopping especially
luxury shopping. So they are now looking
for you know personal connection on
personal wellness and experience and
they are seeking connection on the sort
of cultural level with the stuff that
they buy and Chinese premium brands have
done much better in providing this
experiential and cultural element in
their brand storytelling and that's
attracted a lot of Chinese consumers and
also these Chinese premium premium
brands. Um, on the pricing level,
they're not as expensive as luxury a lot
of Western luxury brands, but they're
still having this premium price tag. And
you know, uh, for a lot of Chinese
consumers, they see these Chinese brands
as a sort of cheaper alternative to
Western luxury brands, but still they
provide good quality products.
>> Yeah. So, so, so not as luxury. I mean,
just looking at the price point then.
So, so what challenges if they nail the
the messaging and sort of the identity
part of it, what challenges remain here?
>> So, um, a big part of their success is
that they started off at a relatively
low base. So, it's relatively easy for
you to grow to 20 or 30 starting from
10. But if you want to grow further,
there are a lot of uncertainties. So
whether this kind of rapid growth is
sustainable, it remains to be seen and
also you know China's economy remains
weak and for luxury brands to really
grow it needs a growth economy and it
needs an expanding population and income
for the middle class and these elements
are lacking in China nowadays. So all
these uncertainties have become
challenges for homegrown Chinese luxury
brand. I love your story that mentioned
about Bernard Arnold when he last went
to China. He's the chairman of LVMH.
Come on. Um, you know, it wasn't like he
was looking at his own brands. He went
shopping in Chinese brands according to
your reporting. I thought it was quite
telling. What sort of the message I
think
>> does this rise of of local premium
brands, you know, what's the message to
some of these big foreign brands out
there now and how to really survive or
at least compete in China?
>> Right. So a lot of western luxury brands
are nowadays really stressing
storytelling and providing experiential
shopping for Chinese consumers and they
have captured this change in consumer
shopping behavior in China. So for
example LVMH is right now building a lot
of you know um multi-story mega stores
featuring not just retail elements but
as well as you know exhibition food and
drinks.
>> There's that big ship right in Shanghai.
Yeah, the
>> the Louis Shanghai. Yes. And um a lot of
other western luxury brands are doing
this right now. So uh in the past, you
know, you can see them having small
street stores and that did very well and
a lot of people queued up outside, but
nowadays it's like uh stores occupying
an entire building and providing a lot
more just than the retail element. And
these are what the luxury brands are
doing in China right now. And they are
hoping by doing these they can build
this this personal connection with
Chinese consumers.
>> Not just shops but buildings, Dave. They
got to Yeah,
>> you got to do it. You got to spend a lot
of time in there. Right. It's not just
the champagne. It used to be just I'm
going in so I can have the glass of
champagne. No.
>> Right. It's it's everything else.
>> The whole experience. All right.
Shirley, it was a great story. Thank you
so much. Our conglomerates and consumer
reporter Shirley Jiao there. Um yeah,
you talk about you know Chinese brands.
We can't talk about PopMart, right? or
we can't forget about PopMart. So much
questions about this stock here right
now after I think we're off about I
think 30% from the peak I believe.
>> But yes, there there's kind of
conflicting sort of things going on
today, right? There was it's
>> polarizing.
>> The Bernstein analyst the soul sell
rating on the stock right now, right? So
you know they basically mentioned that
this hype over Laboo toys is very
reminiscent of the cycle that we saw
with Beanie Babies and we know and we
saw the collapse of all that as well. So
that was sort of the concern here. But
then again, uh, today there was also
that note from Morgan Stanley saying,
"Look, that the fact that they're making
a movie or at least, you know, there's
talks of Sony Pictures acquisition of
rights to produce a L boooo movie should
help ease a negative narrative around
the dolls, right? So,
>> is that a well, my mind goes to is that
it's it's about extending the shelf life
of of of the product, the allure of the
product?" And I wonder whether the fact
that we're getting further and further
away from the core product is that
actually a red flag. I'm just like I'm
just of course just
>> there was always a concern about the
dependence right on Laboo itself, right?
And what other sort of character or
dolls could actually be the next one to
watch and then they really can't really
replicate the success as much as of
Laboo's, right? Um but then so there are
still doubts about the next sales driver
of course for Bernsteeen. So are we have
we already reached the peak?
>> Yeah. in in popart they say maybe given
just what the stock has done so far but
you know
>> so the movie is coming out well there's
a talk of the movie of a potential movie
I actually am would be very curious
>> how they actually sound
>> what's the story right that's the one
thing people have talked about is that
there's not much of a story line like
like Pokemon for example which oh my god
you hear my son talk about Pokemon you
could go for hours
>> that's Right. Yeah, there's there's a
plot line. You know, Labou's, you know,
they say maybe lacks that sort of
context, right? So, you got to wonder if
people really going to go and watch the
movie, too. But I feel like there'll
still be a lot of fans.
>> Yeah.
>> Heading to watch it.
>> Well, we'll we'll we'll be there to
cover it from a from a business
financial journalist. I I don't think
I've ever seen Labu open his mouth or
>> industry research. Yeah. I mean, there
hasn't been any sort of cartoon or
anything, right? So,
>> what are they going to find?
>> Maybe maybe a silent movie, maybe. Kind
of like Bloomer TV and elevators.
>> Yeah.
>> Right.
Oh, you can't. Right.
>> Yeah. All right. Uh, can you watch of
course PopMart shares here today? That
certainly is one thing. I think they are
one of the biggest movers to the upside
though. At least today
>> given we are seeing some risk on move
off moves when it comes to tech and the
like. Uh, we're going to have plenty
more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Well, the leader of Andra Pradesh, one
of India's key southern states known for
its thriving tech hubs, is confident
that New Delhi and Washington will soon
strike a trade deal. Now, N Chandra Babu
Nadu has positioned his state as a major
destination for investment and
innovation. He spoke with us about the
ongoing trade talks and why he remains
unconcerned about US restrictions on
H-1B skill visas for Indian workers.
>> These are all always
challenges, opportunities
when they you don't have any production,
no need to depend on global community.
Today we are producing shrimp aqua
national exports 60% are from Andhra
Pradesh 60 65% 2/3s are from Andhra
Pradesh naturally we'll have this type
of problems one is alternative markets
with my strength I have to move forward
and also they are negotiating government
of India they may sort it out
>> do you expect a deal soon
>> very soon I'm expecting something
there's a lot of students here too who
are engineers and they get H-1B visas
into the US those are now being
restricted how do you cope with that no
what I'm saying in knowledge economy
location is not important
knowledge is important leadership is
important
I can start a company here to service
Americans
cost effective way in a service sector
there are manufacturing I have to go
There are some sectors where physical
presence is important then they have to
move otherwise so many services you can
provide online by having proper
knowledge and leadership quality that is
going to happen if they all intelligent
people are going to America
because of that they are doing the best
now some people are returned in India
that will help us further
And that was an Chandra Babu Naidu
there, the chief minister of Andra uh
Pradesh uh with of course our colleague
there Dan Ten Kate. Uh before we wrap up
the show today, a look at pocket equity
markets that are really moving on the
back of the very heavy news flow in fact
for Monday. Uh this story is we've we've
talked at length about this in the last
60 minutes, two hours or so actually. Uh
what's been happening between China and
Japan watch this story very closely. Um,
this will likely have a day or two
depending on which way to go. It's it's
gotten to the point where of course a a
fairly high level person out of Japan is
actually making his way to to to to
China to try and mend things and
smoothing things around. Uh, defense
stocks are on the up on the back of
similar story there. And of course on
the back of the
drop we've seen in AI the last two
weeks. A good example would be that
we're on a fairly steep two-week drop on
the Philly semiconductor index. Uh we
did start out the day uh on the back
foot, but we are now up across most of
the big tech stocks about 90 minutes
into the session here. Plus, of course,
you have WH group, which is I believe
also down to this the DOJ ending this
beat probe. Um perhaps on the back of
that, we'll leave you with look at the
Hanging Index.
>> Yeah, these are top movers here right
now. Interesting enough, Alibaba has
turned positive uh on the back of what
we've been take reporting of them really
denying this report from the FT that it
has military ties or ties with the
military in China. There this is
Bloomberg.
[Music]